hi I'm Katie Bowers with expert village
and we're gonna be going through some
kickboxing moves to shape and tone your
body so I'm gonna begin with a little
white horse stance so we're gonna do is
I have my feet parallel parallel with
the knees so we're just facing this
facing the front relaxed but you want to
keep your abs nice and tight and your
glutes and we're gonna just be good with
shoulder rolls so we got to warm up a
little bit cuz this is gonna be a long
process now with the shoulder rolls I'm
not actually using my elbows but I'm
using my shoulder so why it's a shoulder
roll the shoulder is going to lift up
and start pumping some synovial fluid
into the muscles which is what you need
to warm up the muscles before we even
begin
so as I'm warming up the shoulders and
then I can start contracting the ABS and
shifting my weight a little bit more to
each side you want to breathe don't hold
your breath
even the abs tight and the glutes tight
and then notice actually each time I'm
turning I'm picking up my heel up off
the ground that's gonna be a very very
key key element throughout the whole
duration of all these kickboxing moves
that you're gonna want to keep the heel
lifted up off the ground because if I
keep them planted I'm gonna start
tweaking my knees so heels have to lift
up is the very first thing you're doing
in the warm-up of the shoulders begin
just rotating the shoulders pump in some
synovial fluid into those muscle groups
that flew in just moves through the
larger muscle groups and it just helps
to warm em up and then we're gonna
actually eventually do is make sure that
my heels are picking up off the ground
because if they're staying planted
what's gonna happen is you're gonna
start tweaking your knees and you don't
want that so heels need to pick up each
time I rotate the shoulder especially if
you could figure and I make these a
little bit bigger and I want to pick the
heels up off the ground and the reason
for that is that you don't want to keep
you don't want to keep them planted
because if you keep them planted you're
going to tweak them when I try to turn
they need to lift up off the ground